= VoteATX Service

VoteATX is a voting place finder application for Travis County elections.

It is provided in two projects:

* voteatx-app -- The front-end application. https://github.com/open-austin/voteatx-app
* voteatx-svc -- The back-end web service (this project). https://github.com/open-austin/voteatx-svc

This program has been tested with Ruby vesions 1.9.3 and 2.0. It requires
Sqlite3 database with Spatialite extensions.

*Important:* For more information on setting up Spatialite on your system,
see: https://github.com/chip-rosenthal/findit-support#spatialite-support

Once the package is downloaded (and Spatialite has been installed), run:

    $ bundle install

For development, you can run the application from the command line:

    $ bin/voteatx-svc 
    Starting VoteATX::Service ...
    CONFIGURE: environment = development
    CONFIGURE: root = /home/chip/Workspace/voteatx
    CONFIGURE: public_folder = /home/chip/Workspace/voteatx/public
    CONFIGURE: database = /home/chip/Workspace/voteatx/voteatx.db
    [2013-10-19 16:24:20] INFO  WEBrick 1.3.1
    [2013-10-19 16:24:20] INFO  ruby 1.9.3 (2012-04-20) [x86_64-linux]
    == Sinatra/1.4.3 has taken the stage on 4567 for development with backup from WEBrick
    [2013-10-19 16:24:20] INFO  WEBrick::HTTPServer#start: pid=4838 port=4567

If you get an error such as:

    SQLite3::SQLException: libspatialite.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory (Sequel::DatabaseError)

that means your Spatialite library could not be located. You will need to
specify the Spatialite library location when you start up the service. Use
a command such as:

    $ SPATIALITE=/usr/lib64/libspatialite.so.5.1.0 bin/voteatx-svc 

Then, browse http://localhost:4567 to see the running application.

The application has been deployed using Phusion Passenger (mod_rails)
under Apache.  The "config.ru" file is used in production.

== Documentation

* README-API.md describes the web services API
* README-data.rdoc provides information on setting up the database.
* Additional documentation can be produced by running: rake rdoc


== Feedback

Please report any problems or feedback through the issue tracker for this
project: https://github.com/open-austrin/voteatx/issues

This program was written by Chip Rosenthal <chip@unicom.com>.

